0.13.0 release (#892)
packit-service/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.13.0

## Features

- Commands from actions run in a shell by default; adding `bash -c` is no
  longer required.

> - The name of the branch is included when updating the `release` field in
>   SPEC-files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The name of the branch is included in the release field when creating a SRPM from current checkout.
```

- Packit configuration can be checked using the new `validate-config`
  subcommand.
- If possible, use the subject lines of the commits since the last tag when
  updating `%changelog`.

> - Use patch metadata when generating patch files for dist-git.

Reviewer: This needs more details.

Reviewer 2: This is all the details that was in the commit message and there is no user facing documentation that could be linked. We discussed with @lachmanfrantisek that this is used only by us atm. Should I rather not mention it?

Reviewer: oki, sounds good to me, feel free to leave it as it is

## Minor changes and fixes

> - All the tests use `tmp_path` instead of `tmpdir`.

Reviewer 3: Internal/development stuff only. I'd remove this.

- Improved logs by adding `__repr__()` to multiple classes.

> - Fixed setting default values in job configurations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed setting of default values in job configurations.
```
